fix typos in chapter 5 (#38)
soupi/learn-haskell-blog-generator: src/05-glue/02-io.md

1. If the user calls the program without arguments, we will read from
   the standard input, and write to the standard output
2. If the user calls the program with two arguments, the first one
   will be the input file name, and the second one
   will be the output file name
3. If the output file already exists, we'll ask the user if they want

>    to override the file

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   to overwrite the file
```

4. On any other kind of input, we'll print a generic message explaining
   the proper usage

In a later chapter, we will add a fancier command-line interface

> using a library, and also read whole directories instead of single files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
using a library, and also read whole directories in addition to single files.
```

have *no side effects*. Pure functions will *always* return the same output (given the same input)
and **evaluating pure expressions is deterministic**.

But now, how can we do I/O operations? There are many possible solutions
- for Haskell it was decided to design a first class interface
with an accompanied type called `IO`. `IO`'s interface will force a distinction
from non-I/O expressions, and will also require us to specify the order of

> multiple `IO` operations.

Reviewer: I prefer the original phrasing here because I think that the key to understanding the purpose of IO is to understand that the purpose is to *combine* I/O ops safely.

```suggestion
from non-I/O expressions, and will also require that in order to *combine*
multiple `IO` operations, we will have to *specify the order* the operations.
```

   ```

   We are reading a line from the standard input on the left of `>>=`,

>    and then write it to the
>    standard output. `>>=`'s role here is to **pass the result of the IO operation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    we receive the input to the right of `>>=` as an argument to the lambda function,
   and then write it to the standard output in the body of the lambda function.
   `>>=`'s role here is to **pass the result of the IO operation
```

1. If the user calls the program without arguments, we will read from
   the standard input, and write to the standard output
2. If the user calls the program with two arguments, the first one
   will be the input file name, and the second one
   will be the output file name
3. If the output file already exists, we'll ask the user if they want
   to overwrite the file

> 4. On any other kind of input, we'll output a generic message explaining

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. On any other kind of input, we'll print a generic message explaining
```

>    the usage

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   the proper usage
```
